Reorganize repository (#53)
alexey-zakharenkov/subways: README.md

# Subway Preprocessor

Here you see a list of scripts that can be used for preprocessing all the metro

> systems in the world from OpenStreetMap. `scripts/subway_structure.py` produces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
systems in the world from OpenStreetMap. `subways` package
```

Author: \+
